DOC-864: Clarify that the new table color map options do not apply to the table dialog (#2080)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/table_background_color_map.md

{{site.requires_5_9v}}

> This option is used to specify the default values for the table cell background color picker, which can be opened with the `tablecellbackgroundcolor` toolbar button or menu item. If no values are defined, the toolbar button and menu item will use the values or default values of the [`color_map` option]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/content-appearance/#color_map). This option does not modify the background color picker in the table dialog. This option accepts Hex, RGB and HSL color values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is used to specify the default values for the table cell background color picker, which can be opened with the `tablecellbackgroundcolor` toolbar button or menu item. If no values are defined, the toolbar button and menu item will use the values or default values of the [`color_map` option]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/content-appearance/#color_map). This option does not currently modify the background color picker in the table dialogs. This option accepts Hex, RGB and HSL color values.
```
Maybe? Just to highlight it's all dialogs and it's not really intentional and will be changed later.

Author: Updated both

> This option is used to specify the default values for the table cell background color picker, which can be opened with the `tablecellbackgroundcolor` toolbar button or menu item. If no values are defined, the toolbar button and menu item will use the values or default values of the [`color_map` option]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/content-appearance/#color_map). This option does not currently modify the background color picker in the table dialogs. This option accepts Hex, RGB and HSL color values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option is used to specify the default values for the table cell background color picker, which can be opened with the `tablecellbackgroundcolor` toolbar button or menu item. If no values are defined, the toolbar button and menu item will use the values or default values of the [`color_map` option]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/content-appearance/#color_map). This option does not modify the background color picker in the table dialogs. This option accepts Hex, RGB and HSL color values.
```
